#PATIENT-COMMUNICATION-SYSTEM
To built a prototype which bridges the communication gap between the person who is incapable of expressing his/her emotions normally and the person who is going to recieve the message which is generated by the touch in resisitive touch screen panel through alert message in his/her mobile phone and on LCD screen.

->IBM service which we used in this project are Twilio service, message payload, function file uploading through 
   Node-RED editor.

->Platform dependencies:- Arduino UNO, resistive touch panel, LCD display , daughter board,Arduino IDE.

->Building of project:- Construction:- Our system is the interconnected with each other through jumper wires and daughter board.
Firstly daughter board is connected to the arduino and then connect the LCD screen according to the pin diagram as shown in the
presentation,then the touch screen pad is connected to the analog pins of the arduino.Lastly connect the negative of the sound
alarm to GND of arduino and positive to a digital pin.

->Working:- With the help of Arduino and Touch Screen Panel the device will detect and response according to the input touched.
On the touch input a signal will be send to display the request and a alert message is also send by GSM module through arduino
When the patient want something he/she will press the request and then press OK. A display will appear on the screen and a alert
message will also be send to the nurse or ward boy.then they can easily help a patient

->Applications:- User will be eased to explain his or her problem only by touching. Decrease man work Thus convenient for public
Time efficient Message will alert the person needed Display will also indicate that person.

->Name and email-id of participants:- Gaurav Dewangan - gauravdewangan3002@gmail.com
   Utkarsh Chandrakar - utkarshchandrakar0@gmail.com Tushar Gupta - tushargupta2898@gmail.com

